(23/01/2023)

Hello o/ thank you for taking a look at my repo. this file is is just a text file that contains some usful info and some explinations.
Firstly hello! My name is Myles i've been a software engineer for like 8 years now, as of writing this im 15 years old. This is a passion project because I feel like
taking on the challenge, this is one of the hardest things a programmer can do that isn't working with like breadboards. I don't have any professional education so I
rely on Nanobyte to teach me all the modern stuff, I have made os's before but I want to give you something you can work with.

Please make sure to read all documentation so uoi atleast learn something from my work, also if you do use my code (that is derived from nanobyte) id really appreciate it
if you just credited me, im not gonna like sue you if you dont but... its just a nice thing to do. again if you read all this and see something that could be better or find
something that doesn't work let me know on discord or somthing (Sulfur#6633). I don't go to like idk harvard for computer science. also im mainly a game developer

either way i hope you like it. ill probably keep this updated with useful info. thank you for using LUNAR BASIC OPEN OS <3

(27/01/2023)

Hello another update from me how lucky you are, the project LUNAR OS is going well, I got disk reading working last night thanks to nanobyte dev, im working on my FAT file
system with the help of the community. I can't wait to start writing in C (as I indicated in the boot.asm comments LMAO). anyway the main thing im worried about is getting out
of real mode and getting to a 32 bit environment and such, this will allow me to do some really cool stuff with GUI which is really hard in like 16 bit.

this will require me to make a 2 part boot loader which isnt too much of a task, especally because soon the bootloader will be in C to some degree
I'm also moving this document into a TXTINFO folder which will also document things like error codes (its also why the date the file was made is wrong, i had to delete it to 
put it in a new folder) so that if you encounter an issue thats where ill leave things and
how to fix it (if you can, its probably my bad code)

When im home i write up all of the code, but alot of my ideas and things i want to do (which arnt many, lunar os is being carried by nanobye, dudes a king) i think of in
school when im bored, matter of fact im writing this in school rn (we're doing psudocode rn or something). anyway i thaught it would be cool if people knew more about the process
of making LUNAR. while im having alot of fun i hope when you get to cloning the project and taking a look and making your own additions (or even fixes) I look forward to seeing them
myself, the idea is i want to make this so that people can push their own changes as long as i approve them first, my goal is for this project to be the center of the
community, I love the OSDEV community and i cant wait to see what LUNAR OS becomes.

before i wrap this up I wanna leave a small note to my friend Joe. we talk about OSDEV here in school (ikr what nerds) anyway hes given me alot of good ideas and has come
up with some really interesting points its great talking to him!